Welcome to Qingluan Sheng
Wang Gong greets Qingluan and defeats the king
Welcome to Qingluan Shengwang Shengwang
You kneel or you will be in trouble
Don't kneel
I won't be in trouble.
Get up
Qinglan Holy King
I have the key to warn someone who is disrespectful to Tianmen
That's him!
He claims that he created Tianmen
He also claimed to cancel the Dragon Gate Banquet
Not only did it break the throne we prepared for the gods
Don't kneel down for you
Simply unforgivable
Are you sure he said to cancel the Dragon Gate Banquet?
Lord Holy King
Everyone here heard it
It's all from this crap
It has nothing to do with us.
Sir, this is all a misunderstanding
It's not what you think.
It should be dead this time
Offended Tianmen
Who can be popular?
That's what I said.
I made it.
I think tonight's Dragon Gate Banquet can be cancelled
Presumptuous in front of the Holy King, saying to cancel the Dragon Gate Feast
The Holy King did not speak
How can you speak
God is not pleased
Order the cancellation of the building door industry
Cancellation ceremony